A girl is Arya Stark of Winterfell and I'm going home.
Tell them the North remembers. Tell them winter came for House Frey.
Not today.
My name is Arya Stark. I want you to know that. The last thing you're ever going to see is a Stark smiling down at you as you die.
Leave one wolf alive and the sheep are never safe.
I know Death. He's got many faces. I look forward to seeing this one.
I'm not a lady. I never have been. That's not me.
You're not interesting enough to be offensive.
Nothing's more hateful than failing to protect the one you love.
All my life men like you have sneered at me. And all my life I've been knocking men like you into the dust.
When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die. There is no middle ground.
An unhappy wife is a wine merchant's best friend.
What good is power if you cannot protect the ones you love?
So we fight and die or we submit and die. I know my choice.
I thought if I could make something so good, so pure, maybe I'm not a monster.
Power is power.
If you ever call me sister again I'll have you strangled in your sleep.
I am not your little princess. I am Daenerys Stormborn of the blood of old Valyria and I will take what is mine—with fire and blood, I will take it.
I'm not going to stop the wheel, I'm going to break the wheel.
Dracarys.
Do you understand? I'm no ordinary woman. My dreams come true.
Yes. All men must die, but we are not men.
The world we need won't be built by men loyal to the world we have.
It's not easy to see something that’s never been before: A good world.
If I give everyone what they deserve I'll have no one left to rule.
Let the priests argue over good and evil, slavery is real. I can end it, I will end it, and I will end those behind it.
I have been sold like a broodmare. I've been chained and betrayed, raped and defiled. Do you know what kept me standing through all those years in exile? Faith. Not in any gods, not in myths and legends, in myself. In Daenerys Targaryen.
Our fathers were evil men. All of us here. They left the world worse than they found it. We're not going to do that. We're going to leave the world better than we found it.
We both want to help people. We can only help them from a position of strength. Sometimes strength is terrible.
I am a Khaleesi of the Dothraki. I am the wife of the great Kahl and I carry his son inside me. The next time you raise a hand to me will be the last time you have hands.
A dragon is not a slave.
I believe in second chances. I don't believe in third chances.
As long as I'm better than everyone else I suppose it doesn't matter.
The things I do for love.
Nothing else matters. Only us.
Give my regards to the Night's Watch. I'm sure it will be thrilling. And if it's not, it's only for life.
If I fall, don't bring me back.
They fought together, against their common enemy. Despite their differences, despite their suspicions—together. And we need to do the same if we're going to survive, because the enemy is real. It's always been real.
When enough people make false promises words stop meaning anything. Then there are no more answers, only better and better lies.
My watch has ended.
If you only trust the people you grew up with, you won't make many allies.
Winter is coming. We know what’s coming with it.
First lesson, stick them with the pointy end.
I don't plan on knitting by the fire while men fight for me. I might be small, Lord Glover, and I might be a girl, but I am every bit as much a northerner as you. And I don't need your permission to defend the north.
I wonder if you’re the worst person I've ever met? At a certain age it's hard to recall. But the truly vile do stand out through the years.
The Lords of Westeros are sheep. Are you a sheep? No, you're a dragon. Be a dragon.
['What I don't know can't hurt me' is] a stupid saying. What we don't know is usually what gets us killed.
Chaos isn't a pit. Chaos is a ladder. Many who try to climb it fail, and never get to try again. The fall breaks them. And some are given a chance to climb, but they refuse. They cling to the realm, or the gods, or love—illusions. Only the ladder is real. The climb is all there is.
A man with no motive is a man no one suspects. Always keep your foes confused: If they don't know who you are, what you want—they can't know what you plan to do next.
Know your strengths, use them wisely, and one man can be worth ten thousand.
There's no justice in the world, not unless we make it. You loved your family. Avenge them.
Don't fight in the north or the south. Fight every battle, everywhere, always, in your mind. Everyone is your enemy, everyone is your friend, every possible series of events is happening, all at once. Live that way, and nothing will surprise you. Everything that happens will be something that you've seen before.
Never forget what you are, the rest of the world will not. Wear it like armor and it can never be used to hurt you.
Death is so final, yet life is full of possibilities.
I try to know as many people as I can. You never know which one you'll need.
A mind needs books like a sword needs a whetstone.
I will hurt you for this. A day will come when you think you're safe and happy, and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth, and you'll know the debt is paid.
When you tear out a man's tongue, you are not proving him a liar, you're only telling the world that you fear what he might say.
It's not easy being drunk all the time. If it were easy, everyone would do it.
I'm quite good at spending money, but a lifetime of outrageous wealth hasn't taught me much about managing it.
It's hard to put a leash on a dog once you've put a crown on its head.
It's easy to confuse 'what is' with 'what ought to be,' especially when 'what is' has worked out in your favor.
That's what I do. I drink and I know things.
Love is more powerful than reason.
No one is very happy. Which means it’s a good compromise.
Give us common folk one taste of power and we're like the lion who tasted man—nothing is ever so sweet again.
Respect is how the young keep us at a distance, so we don't remind them of an unpleasant truth.
Men decide where power resides, whether or not they know it.
You know nothing, Jon Snow.
I don't ever want to leave this cave, Jon Snow.
But it's you and me that matters to me and you. Don't ever betray me.
Hold the door!
Your words will disappear. Your house will disappear. Your name will disappear. All memory of you will disappear.
I want to be the queen.
Any man who must say, I am the king, is no true king.
The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword
